The first function we're going to write is the reducer for the counter example. And reducer accepts state and action as arguments and returns the next state. But before jumping into the implementation, we're going to make certain assertions using Michael Jackson's Expect library. We're going to assert that when the state of the counter is 0 and you pass an "INCREMENT" action it should return 1. And similarly it should return 2 when this state is 1 and you increment.

We're going to add a couple of tests that test how "DECREMENT" works, which is that it decrements from 2 to 1 and from 1 to 0 and we're going to add a log to tell if our tests are successful.

So if you run this test, they're actually going to fail because we haven't even begun to implement our reducer. We're going to start by checking the action type and if the action type is "INCREMENT", we're going to return state plus 1, but if it is "DECREMENT" we're going to return state minus 1.

If you run the tests we will find that this is enough to get them to pass. However, there are still some flaws in our current implementation of the counter reducer. For example, I think that if we dispatch an action that it does not understand, it should return the current state of the application.

However, if we check for that we will see that this test fails, because we currently don't handle unknown actions. So I'm going to add an else clause that returns the current state. And the tests pass now.

Another issue is that while the reducer is normally in control of the application state, currently it does not specify the initial state. In the case of counter example that would be 0. The convention we use in Redux is that if the reducer receives "undefined" as the state argument, it must return what it considers to be the initial state of the application. In this case it will be 0.

Now come a few cosmetic tweaks. I'll replace this bunch of tweaks with a switch statement and I'm going to replace this condition with ES6 default argument, which looks better. I'm also going to replace the function declaration with an arrow function, which has clearer semantics in ES6.
