I added Redux to our application as a script act from CDNJS. This is the UMD build, so it exports a single global variable called Redux, with a capital R. And in real applications, I suggest you to use NPM instead and a module bundler like Webpack or Browserify, but the UMD build will suffice for our example.

I'm going to need just a single function from Redux called "createStore". I'm using ES6 destruction syntax here. It's equivalent to writing, "var createStore = Redux.createStore;" or, if you use NPM and something like Babel to transpile your ES6, you can write, "import { createStore }" notice the parenthesis, "from Redux".

This store binds together the three principles of Redux. It holds the current application's state object. It lets you dispatch actions. When you create it, you need to specify the reducer that tells how state is updated with actions.

In this example, we're calling "createStore" with counter as the reducer that manages the state updates. This store has three important methods.

The first method of this store is called "getState". And it retrieves the current state of the Redux store. If we run this, we're going to see zero because this is the initial state of our application.

The second and the most commonly used store method is called "dispatch". And it lets you dispatch actions to change the state of your application. If we log this store state after dispatch, we're going to see that it has changed.

Of course, always log to the console gets boring, so we're actually going to render something to the body now, with the help of the third Redux store method, called "subscribe". It lets you register a callback that the Redux store will call any time an action has been dispatched, so then you can update the UI of your application. It will reflect the current application state.

I'm being very naive now. I'm not using React or anything. I'm just rendering the counter into the document body. Any time the body is clicked, I'm going to dispatch an action to increment this counter.

Now if you pay close attention, you will notice that the initial state, the 0, was not rendered. And this is because I'm rendering inside the subscribe callback, but it doesn't actually fire the very first time.

So I extract this logic into "render" method. I subscribe the "render" method to this store. I also call it once to render the initial state. Now it renders the 0, and the click increments the counter. This is our first working Redux application.
